Say so good.
YOU NEED THIS ONE.
WHO'S THE TIE BREAKER ROUND?
WHO'S THE
WINS?
ALL RIGHT, GENTS. What is the plan
today? What are we doing? We're doing
bench press. This is week four. This is
what we were here for. So, when we start
our program, we think about week four.
The main focus was actually. So, we
started him on 185 kg in anticipation of
I would like him to do 200 kilos for
five, which is today. So, that's going
to be the big test.
Um and for me, I think I started a
little bit too heavy to be taking 5 kg
jumps. I didn't deserve to be doing 5 kg
jumps.
Um so, I ended up last week, we didn't
see you guys. Uh but we still trained.
So, last week Vasa did
I did 195 for six twice.
As planned.
As planned. And I did 180 for three. I
did two by three on 180. Um which you
know, my plan was like a worst out
version. So, I was like up by 5 kilos
but down by a rep.
Um so, therefore today I'd be due for a
185 double, which I don't like the
sounds of. I'd rather go like maybe 180
for four um is what I'd prefer. And uh
either way, Vasa's going for 205 um at
least one set. So, here's the strategy
for you. That's what we like to do on
week four is um a small deload, which is
um you you still increase the weight but
then you halve the volume. So, we've
been doing two to three sets. Uh but
that's our deload strategy. You keep on
going heavier and heavier and heavier.
One all out set. So, um if it's feeling
good, maybe we'll do a little bit more.
Maybe we'll go even heavier. Single?
Doing what?
Pulling sumo.
Oh.
I don't know how I feel about that.
off a sumo. He did sumo. He pulled off
sumo.
Wow, you got to you got to be you got to
be gentle, Vasa. What's what's worse,
pulling off a sumo or pulling
I think they're equivalent.
But was it They're both They're both
laughing.
So,
how long you been here for at the gym?
I I just started.
You've done you've done a [__] yet?
Check your body weight. Come on. Get on
the scale.
Get on the scale.
Last time we checked what you were 143
or some [__]
I got heavier.
145.5. So,
you have gained weight. I'm not going to
say it's an excessive weight gain.
He took a
What are you weighing at the moment
roughly?
I'm I'm 101 with all of this stuff on.
Let's check it out.
You've been maintaining for a while?
I've been maintaining for the last three
years to be honest with you.
Yeah, I've just been um
There we go. 101.8.
I got shoes on. I got wrist wraps and
sleeves and all that stuff. Okay. So,
and I've had two breakfasts. Two
breakfasts? Yeah. So, I'm going to have
I'd say I'm 100, uh which is what I've
been for the last few years.
And I'll go that way we've got blues for
all of us cuz I need to be doing four
blues. When you do 180, you have to do
four blues.
Have to be four blues. Yeah, the color
matters. If you did three reds and a
five, that wouldn't even be worth it.
Might as well go Three reds and two and
a half and a clip.
Gross. I know.
It upsets me they use red plates in
competitions. Yeah.
What a waste. It doesn't look good. No,
you could have more plates. Yeah,
exactly.
All right, you ready? Set number one.
Mate, that's all right. You did a rib.
Yeah.
Oh, [__] Oh, well, mate, that's all
inside if I can do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You need a Send it.
Yeah, man. Yeah. What happened, Vasa?
What happened? No, big deal on my hand.
Is that from pulling sumo? No, it's from
pulling on On both hands? And oh, this
one's all good.
This one's just
[__] they're like
Yeah, you ripped the five drop like you
ripped it so many times. Yeah. And your
hands are going to be all right.
That's soft hands, all right? You're
good at deadlifting now, aren't you,
Vasa?
You're a solid deadlifter.
How's your bench? It's not too good at
the moment, she's, mate.
Probably about the same at the moment,
yeah.
Well, that's
That's good. Feels all right. Does it
feel like 100 kilos?
You know, the funny thing is
I can usually tell by now if it's it's
all right.
I think it's all right. It's good. I
think I think I hit 180 for four today.
I do.
It's very serious in here.
Try this again.
Like, I don't know how I'm walking
around.
You're a gladiator.
Braveheart over here.
It's all right. Sorry, I wasn't
It's all right. Coach, did that suck or
was it all right? Um
No, he he probably should do a couple
reps is what I thought, but it's fine.
You've been lazy, mate. It's fine.
Nice, bro. To be fair though, perfect
man for the job here, new sumo
deadlifter.
Did you see how he unwracked it?
He did. He was ready to receive.
How's your hand, bro?
You after that, is it all right?
Honestly, it's getting worse.
Brutal.
Thoughts? Yeah.
I think he's ready for 200.
Ready? Oof. I think he's ready for 200.
Mate, those hands aren't stopping you
today, boy.
Yeah, look, it's the spirit of the
Polynesian people.
You got to push through, mate.
Well, that's what he said.
You push back.
Felt all right.
I think. Feeling good. You got it in
you.
Ah, we don't know. We never really know.
Supreme confidence. Hey, is there going
to be We never know until we do it.
There needs to be more wages, I think,
like Yeah. There needs to be more on the
line each week. Yeah. Something
significant, serious.
Like what? What do you suggest?
Oh, yeah. We we should pick a
we should pick a special shirt, like a
special shirt that they have to wear the
next week.
Yeah, okay. The loser of the week shirt.
Yeah.
Okay, where do we get that made? And
what are we going to What's the print?
Maybe maybe people at home can suggest
what do we have to wear? What can we
print
out
uh on our t-shirt that we have to wear
for the next session. That's a good
idea. The loser. It's for the loser.
Drop a comment.
Tell us what Vasa's going to be wearing
pretty much every week. Does he have to
Should it be like I love Vasa for him?
Or and then for me I love I love Vasa.
Or Yeah, and then whoever suggests it,
the comment will put on the back of the
shirt so it has your username. Yeah.
I think that's I think that's a good
one. It's good.
So, what what do you guys reckon? What
should we What If I win today
So, what's a win for me? [__] 185 kg.
I'm going to decide whatever the win is.
It's generally during dumbbells. Yeah,
okay.
During dumbbell pressing is where the
win is. We'll we'll we'll we'll
calculate what the win is. Uh and then
the winner of the day
doesn't get to wear the T-shirt. The
loser has to wear the T-shirt.
That's what we're we're going to figure
out.
That's what we're going to figure out.
Well, Vassa, honestly, he has not much
idea what winning feels like. Yeah. Uh
what's your biggest total?
Um 10:35. 10:35 or 10:30?
It was 10:50 last time. Yeah, I beat you
in my squat.
What's your plan for your next total?
Why are you walking away from me?
[__] my Your hand okay? Is that going
to Is that going to recover in time,
though?
Is that going to recover?
How's that? Felt all right. It felt all
right?
Yeah, I think I think definitely four.
I'll get
Ah. What's your number?
No, no, I What what? Hey, before you
were like, you were going to do five
minutes later. Nah, I did not say that.
But, I came in today going four would be
a good day. And then all of a sudden
with our conversation, this it was like,
[__] it, five. Yeah, I'm going to go
five.
Maybe six. Yeah.
If six is there, I'll go for six, but
realistically, realistically, if we get
four today, I'm happy. Because 175 2
weeks ago for four was it for me. But,
but will you be happy? Yeah, man, that's
true. That's true. And the answer is no.
Hi, Danny. How are you? Good to see you.
How are you going? Good, thanks. You
good? I'm good.
Say hello, everyone.
Hi.
So, let's just do five.
We're doing an AMRAP, are we? I thought
that's what we're doing. For me, a five
is an AMRAP, bro. But, for you, the idea
could have even been like the goal was
five, that's not an AMRAP.
You're going to need to count, cuz he
can only count up to five.
Yeah. All right, let's go. Big focus,
Vassa.
Scaps scaps scaps.
Good.
Nice. One.
Nice. THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
YEAH, YOU DON'T
YOU DON'T WANT TO MESS WITH THE PLAN.
YOU TOP SET NOW? SO, you you hit your
top set. That was How did that feel? Oh,
it's pretty easy, yeah, to be honest.
Was it actually or no?
Was that the hardest 200 for five it's
ever felt? Well, it's not getting close,
man. I just want to get close to you.
Yeah. Definitely didn't want to
Definitely didn't want to not stick to
the plan. Get at least three more.
Definitely didn't want to not stick with
the plan.
well. You had another few reps in the
tank, easy.
four.
But, you got to have a rep or three in
reserve.
You do.
Thank you.
Did you get two fist bumps from the
girls from that?
Nah, it wasn't good enough. It's not
good enough, bro.
Too late. It's too late. Too bad. Vassa,
you're wearing the loser shirt next
week.
far, he's losing. He's losing.
Love this. Thank you. Only only double
fist and you'll get me, not me, mate.
Hey?
Thank you, bro.
The lifting the weight should be the
hardest part.
It is, yeah.
But, the hardest part is just Correct.
And and and putting it back is even
worse.
All right, so this is what we've
decided.
Um we did shoulder press the first
couple of weeks. We did um 50, then we
did 55. Skipped last week.
And we thought 60 sounds like a logical
progression, but like lifting 60 up here
is a bit tedious. So, what we decided is
to just go flat.
60 kg
AMRAP.
That's the competition. Um let us know
what you think should be reasonable for
us to be equal. If we're both He's 140
kg and I'm 100 kg. I've lost 25 kg. He's
maintained the same
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. And And he's got an injury.
Shoulder injury. So, what would you
consider to be a win OR A LOSS?
WHAT WOULD YOU CONSIDER TO BE A WIN OR A
LOSS? Um just have a think about that.
Maybe uh help us, because we won't get
the T-shirts made. It doesn't come
immediately. So, we'll have a few weeks.
Um so so let us know um what you think
is going to be win or a loss. And And
make judgment now, but also make
judgment at the end of the session. Uh
and and then that'll be the decider on
who wears the T-shirt that you guys
decide on. So, I think I reckon I reckon
12 will be a number for me.
Three?
So, you need to hit at least 15, at
least 20 maybe, at least 30 maybe.
Yeah, I think 24. 24. He's got an
injury. 23. 22.
Shut up and start benching.
We've come up with a new plan. Uh so, we
don't have to calculate pound for pound
or anything like that. Vassa's doing 65
AMRAP. I'm doing 60 AMRAP. And it's just
rep for rep. If he does 10 and I do 10,
it's a draw.
There's no such thing as a draw, though.
I win because it's heavier. Ah, because
he's got an injury. False.
Well, let's see. Okay. We'll we'll we'll
come up with it after. But, he's doing
65. We've got to go rep for rep. He's
doing 65 and I'm doing 60.
Let's go, Vassa.
Seven.
Two more.
10.
11.
12. 13.
14.
15. 16.
17.
Oh, bro, there's no way I'm touching
that. There's no way I'm touching that.
18. Yeah. Yeah.
No. No. No. You need 16.
16 wins. That was 17. No, 16 wins.
Bro.
That's not bad.
he goes flat's my weakest angle. Yeah,
full of [__] I know. Full of [__] I
know. But, to be fair, so uneven number?
Yeah. So, 17. If you get 16 Like, if you
get 16, you win. 16 wins, but dude, 16
on a [__] 60? Didn't I just say I got
15 on 55? If you skip the first five or
six reps, Yeah, I'll do that. and go
straight into it, you'll get there. I'll
go I'll start straight on rep seven.
Yeah, and then you'll get to Cuz the Cuz
the first five are easy anyway. So, I
don't want to do the easy stuff.
We'll skip the last one.
I'll save the easy stuff for the people
that don't want results, and I'm going
to go straight to the hard reps. So, I'm
going to straight
I'm going to go straight to seven reps.
To the seventh rep.
I'd do it the other way. Yeah. See, I
would skip the last five reps. Yeah.
And cuz they're the hard ones. Nah, I'm
I'm a hard worker, bro. So, I'm going to
start straight on rep seven. Okay.
We'll see if that pays off. All right.
Bold move.
Bro.
You're really negative, mate, aren't
you?
No, man. Negative.
I'm a I'm a hard worker.
Who's a hard worker? I'm a hard worker.
All right.
[__] Current champion's got to retain
the title. Yeah. Pressure's on.
Needs 16 reps.
16. 16.
17.
YOU NEED THIS ONE.
IT'S A TIEBREAKER ROUND.
WHO THE [__] WINS? Has to be a
tiebreaker. Who the [__] wins? Has to be
a tiebreaker. All right. Next up,
we have to do a tiebreaker. Tiebreaker.
It's got to be.
Unless you go off standard that you have
to beat the champion.
surprised I got 16 on that.
Yeah, I did.
Bro, it's obvious. Uh you're going 50,
bro. Yeah, I do.
Yeah.
Yeah, touch dots.
Six.
Five.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
10.
11.
12.
13. NO, 12. NO, IT DOESN'T SAY. OH, come
on. Keep trying. You're just going to
stand there, right?
It's Oh, it's my fault. It's my fault.
I know it's my fault. Sorry, bro. What a
disadvantage he was at.
What a He would have got
He would have had that, for sure. Yeah,
I know. I know.
Well, anyway.
Yeah. This is what I'm going to do, cuz
I think that's just too unfair. I think
I'm just going to do the 50s. But, you
know, in all fairness, if I get 12 reps
on the 50s,
we know who the winner is. But, to be
fair, Vassa is injured. Yeah, still.
That's why
that's why I'm not saying I've got to do
11 to win. I've got to do 12 and then I
win. Are you trying to give him more
recovery time? Is that what this is?
For the win.
Watch Vassa's heart break in the
background.
Six.
10.
One more.
Now it's on even.
Oh, you're lucky.
[__] YEAH!
YEAH!
DID YOU SEE HIS HEART BREAK? THE MUSCLE
BREAK?
WE'RE GOING TO PUT THE Ralph meme in. I
just realized he's equipped because he's
wearing a belt.
You're wearing a long-sleeve shirt.
How's it feel to be a winner again, bro?
Winner winner chicken dinner. Thanks.
I'm I'm used to it, but
Three sessions in a row.
So, everyone, let us know what Vassa
should be wearing in our future
episodes.
What color should THE SHIRT BE?
WHAT CUT SHOULD IT BE? PERHAPS a crop.
And what can it have written on the
back?
Maybe loser.
Uh that's the end of the session, and I
think that was a
a really good session. So, we just kind
of like pretty much AMRAP on everything.
Um the main target was him getting his
200 kg, so we ticked that off. Me
getting 180 by 4, I'm very happy with.
Uh and then we had a bit of fun at the
end, and we did AMRAP flat press, AMRAP
shoulder press, bit of competition as
well. Of course, the winner
uh we won't have to mention again.
Big two.
Injury. All right. How long How long do
we expect big Vassa to be, say, benching
close to 240, 250 again? I reckon he
could be he could be close to 240 for
one now.
Um but, you know, there's no point going
for a max right now. So, um what we're
going to do is we're going to think of
the next plan, and uh next week when we
come back and record the new video,
we're going to go through what the next
plan is going to be. So, stay tuned for
that.
Comment
what he's going to wear for his loser
t-shirt. Uh and uh
yeah, I look forward to that. Like this
video.
See you. And subscribe.
Bye.
What's your total?